Jos Leys Strange Attractor

The panel on the left holds two kinds of controls:
buttons, and one or two dimensional widgets.

Widgets:
Mouse click on a widget to select it.
It's legend will turn Green.
You can also move the focus up/down with the '<' and '>' keys.
Press the assigned Hotkey character to move the focus directly.

Now on the image:
Mouse drag to control the widget's parameters.
You can also use the Arrow keys.
Note: Hold down the <option> key to increase the alteration amount.
Note: Hold down the <A> key to decrease the alteration amount.

Note: certain widget rows manage a three part parameter (x,y and z).
The first graph displays the x,y values, the second graph displays the z value.
Hold down the <Shift> key to apply X axis movements to the Z value (second graph).

Buttons:
A button command is performed by Mouse clicking on the legend.

Note: Press <1> to toggle display of the control panel.
Note: Use can exit program by press the <esc> key.

Q. "Res: High, Low"
    Press this to toggle image resolution between Low and High.
    Use Low resolution to quickly navigate to region of interest,
    then switch to Hi for viewing.

Z. "Zoom"
    Changing the width of the field of view effects a zoom effect.

2. "Max Steps"
    How often the algorithm attempts to hone in on the object shape.

    "FinalIter"
    How many 'final iterations' the algorithm performs to finese the object.

    "BoxIter"
    Number of 'box iterations' the algorithm performs to finese the object.

3. "ShowBalls"
    Toggle whether the distance field spheres are displayed.

    "FourGen"
    Toggle whether the Z axis folds along with the X,Y axes.

    "DoInversion"
    Toggle whether the object folds itself according to inversion params.

I. "InvCenter"
    Specify the inversion center position when 'DoInversion' is enabled.

   "InvRadius"
    Set the inversion radius.

4. "DeltaAngle"
    Control amount of twisting within the object.
    Trying to control how many 'dusty pixels' are displayed.

X. "box_X"
Y. "box_Y"
    Specify folding positions.

K. "KleinR"
L. "KleinI"
    Specify the Real and Imaginary Kleinian parameters.

5. "Clamp_y"
   "Clamp_DF"
    During final iterations: push the iterated point left or right depending on the
    sign of KleinI.

    "DF < 1"
    Toggle function call in shader that limits DF calculation.

E. "epsilon"
    Controls how close the Distance Estimation algorithm needs to get.
    Smaller values are more accurate, more 'dusty', and slower to determine.

    "N epsilon"
    Attempt to control 'dusty pixels'.
    This value determines how far to the left/right/up/down the algorithm
    looks when finding a neighboring hit point to calculate the Normal vector
    to the current hit position.

B. "Bright"
   "Shiny"
   Set the diffuse and specular lighting amounts.

G. "Light"
    Set the position of the single light source.

C. "Color"
    Colorize the object.

Z. "Save/Load"
    Launch the Save/Load dialog.

7. "Reset"
    Reset to sane default parameters.

O. "Stereo"
    Toggles stereo viewing
    The image is rendered twice, for 'cross-eyed' 3D viewing.
    With the iPad held two feet away, slightly cross your eyes so that there is a
    third image in the middle.
    Relax your gaze, and concentrate only on that middle image, which is in 3D.

8.  "Parallax"
    When stereo viewing is enabled, use this to set the stereo effect.
    1. Objects you have decided should appear closer actually do.
    2. How pronounced the stereo effect is.
    Note: this will probalby have to be updated whenever you rotate the view.

9. "Texture: On, Off"
    You can select a photo from your library to texture the object.
    Tap this option to specify the texture status.

T.  With Texture enabled, these widgets control the center and scaling of the image.

J. "Morph"
    When toggled On, the paremeters you select automatically slide their
    value(s) back and forth.
    You select parameters by selecting them, then pressing the <return> key to
    toggle morphing status.
